I just built an AI device that can hear,
think, talk, and it has full access to
its own computer. Take that, Helen
Kella. And the first thing that I did
was tell it to turn $10 into as much
money as possible. Not a good idea. All
because a question I want to answer is,
can AI agents actually make money on
their own? Okay, so about 2 weeks ago, I
saw this super genius Sebastian Vocal, I
hope I said that right, post this
project where he built OpenClaw into a
real device and it was super viral and I
lost my mind. I was like, this is sick.
This dude built a fully functional AI
device that is a tenth of the size of an
iPhone. And here's the real knee
slapping kicker. It costs less than $100
to make. So, me being absolutely
terrified of AI taking my job, I'm going
to build something that takes my job and
just pray this thing makes me rich and
can crack my girlfriend at the same
time.
Here are the three main parts. Raspberry
Pi Zero. Wow, this thing. Look at I feel
smart holding this. This is the Wisplay
board that does the display, audio,
speakers, everything. And then this is
what powers it all. The pie sugar
battery pack. I started setting it up
like a good young factory worker. Also,
I think I just realized I'm missing a
freaking piece, dude. I'm sure I'm
missing like 10 pieces, but I think I
need like an SD card slot there. SD.
Insert the TF card. I don't have that.
It's writing the software onto the micro
SD. This stands for microscopic
D. And then we plug it into this thing
right here. You see? And then it can
run. I'm drinking my tea. Okay, I've
literally been stuck forever because I
was trying to screw these things
together and there's these little clear
things on it on the screw holes and I
think you're supposed to pop them out.
So, that's what I'm doing now.
Oh, what? I screwed it on backwards.
Shisel. Am I doing this right? Oh, I
hate this. I hate pressing these in. Oh
my gosh. Why is it so hard? Oh,
come on.
>> Buckle up. Chuckle. So, technically this
is it. I freaking built it.
I was trying to connect to my 5
gigahertz or gigachad subtier normie
Wi-Fi, but I needed to be on the 2.4
GHz. So, I had to split my freaking
Wi-Fi up so that I was able to connect
to the 2.4 GHz. So, if you build this at
your house, make sure you connect to 2.4
GHz. I also tried connecting to my
hotspot on my phone cuz chatbt said that
was uh 2.4, but that didn't work either.
So, you got to just split up your Wi-Fi
like an absolute pawn. I feel like I'm
basically making Facebook right now. Or
like I'm basically making Apple. Like,
I'm just so advanced. Test six.
Yes, it turned green, bro. There's
colors on this. Dang, dude. Look at
that. I'm going to green screen
something funny into it. All right, it's
now day three or four. I've been
freaking trying to do this forever.
Realized my SD card was too small. I
think I already said that. So, I bought
128 GB like get gigaflexed on idiot and
I've now got it installed and we are
about to hopefully run it and we will
see what happens. All right, 3 2 1 come
on. Uh, can't open file. Okay, we'll be
back. Testing testing testing testing.
Yo, testing testing testing penis.
Testing testing testing testing. Yo,
testing testing testing penis. Oh, let's
go. Dude, it played audio. Did you hear
that? I just got it to finally work
after like 5 days.
Please work.
Yo, can you hear me, bro? What is 5 + 5?
>> Yo, loud and clear. 5 + 5.
>> Did you hear that? I don't know if you
guys could hear that. That was insane.
Um, what should we ask it? Who had the
biggest wiener in all of history? That's
a spicy question. Officially, there's no
verified record for that, but some
rumors say Jonah Falcon.
>> Shout out Jonah Falcon, bro.
Let's go. All right, boys. I've been
cooking. Look at this. I got a little
animation. It says claw ready. Hold
button to speak. Like, look at the size
difference of my iPhone versus this
thing. I know that my iPhone is way
cooler and can do more stuff, but this
just feels cool, bro. Like, I'm so
All right. So, here is exactly what
happened with the three businesses that
I tried to run with my OpenClaw device.
And genuinely, I did not know if these
businesses would work and I could
actually make money because I've seen
people on Twitter claim that they're
making thousands of dollars from it
already. And I don't know, I don't know
if I believed it. But, um, after running
my own experiments, spoiler, I have more
questions. So, business number one was
lowballing boomers on Facebook
Marketplace. something that I personally
find extremely fun to do. Just messaging
them takes a while. So, I thought this
would be a perfect thing to set it up
with. So, I talked to it and told it,
"What I want you to do is sign up for
Facebook with the email I gave you. Go
to the marketplace in my area and start
lowballing people that are pricing their
items too high. Make no mistakes." This
is just two words, entrepreurship.
Unfortunately, this one died before I
even started. I could not get it to get
past Facebook's bot detection, I think.
and talking to this thing and trying to
like do stuff genuinely takes forever
because I'm just talking and then it
takes a second for it to then tell me
what it's doing. This took an entire day
of me going back and forth trying to get
it to go onto Facebook and message
people. I tried for way longer than I
should have. So maybe I'm just not
technical enough, but this is a zero out
of 10. Did not work. Business number
two, cold email outreach. Something that
I absolutely despise because I get
hundreds of these a day and they piss me
off. So I'm going to do it myself. So, I
told this little sexy clinker right
here, find small businesses like
chiropractors or whatever, or you know,
do your research. I don't know. You're
smarter than me. Start finding these in
more niche small towns. And then what I
want you to do is start cold email
outreaching them, offering them to set
up AI, cold email outreach for them.
Make no mistakes. Wait, who is at who's
knocking at the door?
>> What rules, you sons of
>> And this one actually did it. It started
finding businesses, reaching out to
them. I just had it draft all the
emails, and then I would click send
because I was still a little bit nervous
it might send something crazy because I
did tell it to push the limits with its
headline writing and stuff like that.
So, yeah, just wanted to be a little bit
cautious. The pitch was basically, hey,
I can set up AI uh outreach in your
business for 500 bucks. I left this one
running for a few days. I'm sure that
some people opened the emails because of
some of these headlines, but uh yeah,
absolutely zero responses. I don't know
if it's because my Gmail looks weird or
if it's new uh or if people just don't
want this, but even if just one person
signed up, that'd be 500 bucks and would
make this thing profitable. So, I'm
going to keep that one probably running
and maybe I'll check back in 30 days and
update you on that and some of the other
things I'm going to run with it.
Business number three, the one that I
was the most excited for, prediction
markets, baby. So, I went to one of
these absolute hedonistic, hyonistic,
whatever the word is, you know, evil
websites where they take all your money.
I'm not going to name the name because I
don't want to promote them. But all I
did was find the API keys and stuff like
that. I did have to do this on my
computer because just talking to it was
way too hard. I set it up with the API
keys and then I just started talking to
it. Basically, I just told it to make
trades for whatever information it could
find. It apparently was scraping Reddit
comments and going through Twitter and
trying to find trades. I don't know if
it actually was because I can't like
look inside this thing and see what it's
actually doing. So, it just told me it
was. And I just kept refreshing the page
over and over and my portfolio was still
at $10. And I was so mad because I
wanted this to work. Even if it lost all
the money, I didn't care. And I started
having this like existential crisis
because this was the thing I was most
excited for. Did I just build this thing
for absolutely nothing? And I had no
idea what it was doing. Like I am not
technical at all. This thing could be
hacking all of my information. I just
kept asking it what it was doing and it
was telling me that it was analyzing
data trying to find the right opening
because it it didn't want to just lose
the money. It wanted to actually find
the right trade. So maybe it was doing
that. But then I refreshed the page for
like literally the last time I was about
to give up. I'm not even trying to be
dramatic here. And I saw that it spent
like 3 cents. I was freaking out. Those
that that was literally magic to me,
bro. I lost my mind because what just
happened was some idiot assembled some
parts, talked to it just completely, you
know, using voice and it just made a
trade and spent some money. Like is that
not insane? I didn't touch anything
besides getting it giving it the API
keys. Like, holy smokes. And then it
started making another trade and another
trade and another trade and I think I
got to four or five trades all while I
was just scratching my balls and then it
stopped because I went and checked on
the machine I'm running this on because
I'm not running this on my personal
machine and it was pinned. It was like
maxing out the CPU and GPU. I have no
idea what I've installed or done to this
open claw bot where it's, you know,
using this much power. So, I shut it off
because I did not want to ruin a laptop.
And before I tell you if any of those
trades paid out, like just think this is
the dumbest this will ever be. Like, in
a year, this could be insane. Or even
just, you know, the tech on my computer
cuz I don't know if something like this
would ever take off. It's freaking so
hard to use. I spent an entire week just
talking to it to do like some things. I
could have just clicked a few buttons.
But hey, I'm going to continue to keep
this thing running, emailing people once
I get it like more dialed in. Maybe have
it continue making trades. Maybe run
some other business models. I don't
know. Make sure you subscribe so you do
not miss that. And did any of the trades
pay out? Absolutely not. I lost 83 cents
and then however much money the thing
cost me. Peace.